# To-Do-Management
People can spend a lot of time and energy scheduling and managing their activities or important things to accomplish, both long-term and short-term, especially as one approaches certain deadlines or festivals. The todo tasks management system is a single-user web application that helps one to manage and keep track of his/her import tasks on schedule. The authorized user is able to add, delete and change certain tasks (one at a time) and the management system will display the most up-to-date todo tasks that the user currently have accordingly. The user interface is designed to be neat and straight-forward, which delivers the user with the most efficient and effective interaction with the system. The entire application is developed upon the separation of frontend and backend, with the frontend developed with React.js (JavaScript) and the backend with Spring Boot (Java). The user provided data about his/her todo tasks are stored into SQL database.

The frontend component of the creation and deletion of todo task is created with the "Formik" React library, and the backend Spring Boot project is established with dependencies of "Spring Web", "Spring Boot DevTools", "MySQL Driver" and "Spring Data JPA", performing CRUD operations via JPA repository interfaces. A quick initialization of Spring Boot project can be achieved via Spring Initializer https://start.spring.io/. Please refer to "package.json" and "pom.xml" for detailed frontend and backend dependencies in details.

Please note that I specified the frontend to operate on port "localhost 4200" while the backend server on port "localhost 8080".

A demo of the project is available at: https://youtu.be/0wpJ7-pVpZM.
